ILHAM BENMALOUK MASTER S STUDENT IN DATA SCIENCE | M2 | Master's student in Data Science with a strong passion for data analysis and machine learning. Proficient in Python programming, data manipulation, and predictive modeling. Practical experience solving real-world problems through academic projects and a previous internship. Eager, motivated, and committed to continuous learning to make a valuable contribution as a Data Science intern. benmaloukilham875@gmail.com EXPERIENCES +212-636649033 https://www.linkedin.com/in/ilh Marine Data Science Internship am-benmalouk-65a301240/ https://github.com/IlhamBENMA Prediction and Modeling of Fish Species Abundance Using Machine Learning LOUK and Deep Learning Algorithms CERTIFICATES Institute of Research for Development (IRD), France Duration: June 2023 - July 2023 (Two months) Supervised Machine Learning | Coursera A d v a n c ed Learning Algorithms | Coursera Developing a predictive model for fish abundance in a specific geographic area on a given date, despite a major challenge related to data scarcity INTERESTS Collaborated closely with experts in the field of fisheries to identify relevant features influencing fish abundance University clubs Actively researched relevant data sources to feed the prediction model, Treasurer at IT Club FSSM considering input from domain experts Head of the Finance and Social Utilized innovative data preprocessing techniques to make the most of available Investment Cell at IT Club FSSM information despite data scarcity Volunteering work Implemented data scarcity management strategies, such as intelligent imputation and careful feature selection in collaboration with domain specialists Actively volunteered for two months at Designed a robust predictive model using machine learning algorithms tailored to Centre Malaika Marrakech, an association fishing data dedicated to children with Down Syndrome Skills EDUCATION Data preparation and analysis Since September 2022: Master's in Data Science Machine Learning: Faculty of science semlalia Marrakech,Cadi ayyad University Regression/Classification models From 2019 to 2022: Bachelor's degree in mathematics and computer sciences Clustering algorithms, Reinforcement learning ,Feature engineering Faculty of science semlalia Marrakech,Cadi ayyad University Deep Learning: From september2018 to 2019: High School diploma in mathematics option A CNN, RNN, LSTM,LLMs youssef Ben Tachfine High school Marrakech Natural Language Processing: Text processing Sentiment Analysis Sequence-to-Sequence Models LLMs ... ACADEMIC PROJECTS BI:ETL ,data visualisation... Tools:Tableau,power BI... Revolutionizing Early Disease Detection: A Deep Dive into Medical Image Analysis using Diverse Deep Learning Algorithms and Comparative Assessments. Big Data:Hadoop,MapReduce,Spark Database:SQL,PL/SQL,NOSQL Intelligent guidance chatbot for Moroccan students: Implementation of a Chatbot with Large Language Model (LLM) for Personalized guidance. Programming languages:Python,R,C,C++... Linguistic Exploration in the Twitter Universe: Fine-grained Detection of Soft skills:Teamwork,Leadership, Sentiments, Emotions, and Sarcasm in French Tweets. Analytical skills,Problem solving,Adaptability Architecting Real-time Data Management in the Big Data Ecosystem with Spark Operating systems :Windows,Linux Streaming. Implemented and deployed a precise model leveraging YOLO and Roboflow for Languages the automatic detection of Moroccan license plates in both images and videos Conducted an in-depth study on bird abundance using BI technologies :Provided crucial data for avian population conservation and management strategies. Arabic French Identifying the top influential nodes of a complex network using TOPSIS method English and communities detection using clustering algorithm.